INVARIANTS

* Asra must trust Vanna enough to seek her help
  - Vanna must owe Asra something
    * Vanna must have enough humanity to feel obligation
	
* Backstory between Asra and Vanna must be developed
  - Asra must recognize something about Vanna
    * Vanna must make a mistake which Asra detects
	
* Vanna must be strong, vigilant, almost hypercompetent

* Vanna must attempt to turn Asra in to law enforcement
  - Vanna's guest(s) must have the ability to pressure her into cooperation
  
  
Dagan: If you're in it for the long haul, kill their kids and educate your own.
  
ADDITIONAL INFO

Thane: Hey. How are you holding up?

Asra: Now that Vanna's dead, it feel... different. Seeing her dead made me think
about how every person has their own history, you know? Like I already knew that
but it feels so much more real now.

Dagan: You said you had a lot of history with Vanna, right?

Asra:

 Vanna's parents weren't around when she was growing up, so she had to grow
up fast and take care of business. She also had a little sister, Seraphim. All
Seraphim wanted to do was help people. When the Civil War broke out, she treated
people on both sides, even though Vanna begged her to stay away from the
frontlines. One day when she was tending to a bunch of wounded soldiers,
Somoza's men gunned down the entire medical tent. Whatever softness she might
have had was gone the day her Seraphim died. Now that I think back, Vanna
kind of treated me like a little sister. Like she wanted me to grow up to be
tougher than Seraphim was, and not to risk myself for others.

[Dagan sighs, then lays down. Once he starts snoring, Thane speaks.]

Thane: I think Dagan's the same way. He and Mom were really close. Too close,
now that I look back on it as an adult. I remember as a kid thinking he always
kind of strict, but when Mom was taken away something changed. I was actually
afraid of him for several years. Which is weird to say, because he was never
angry or violent around me, but I could tell something was off. Actually... My
mom wanted Dad to turn her in. She said it was only a matter of time before they
took her anyway, but if he was the one that did it, the goverment would trust
that he was raising me right.

NENEGI CORRECTIONS FACILITY GOALS

* Peleg is not present long enough for a really deep personality to emerge; a
strong personality will still be interesting

* Peleg can introduce information about Erawa, or Nenegi Corrections Facility,
including treatment of prisoners there

* Peleg introduces the audience to what an extremely strong evincer can do under
extreme circumstances (training, experimentation, sensory deprivation)

* The audience may learn more about Dagan's relationship with Phaedra

* Peleg may have some involvement in how Thane and Dagan escape to Tripsi

* For Peleg to be an interesting character, the reader must know something about
  him.
  - The reader will not know anything about him unless he shares information.
  - The character will not share information unless there is common ground.
    * Peleg speaks both Cheminan and Erawan
	* Peleg is middle-aged and spent time in Chemina in his youth
	  - If he's from Gheni, he talks with Thane; if Chalt, he talks with Dagan
	  - Peleg studied at University of Gheni before Civil War and knows area?
	  - Peleg is a career military that worked in the Erawan Department of
	    Foreign relations. Prior to the Cheminan-Erawan conflict, he studied
		history at University of Gheni and was interested in signing trade deals
		with Chemina, causing him to lose favor among his peers. He was
		subsequently forced to serve as infantry in the Cheminan-Erawan War,
		leading to his capture and detainment in Nenegi Corrections Facility.
  - This section should not just be an information dump; a character arc must
    exist. Peleg may get closure on the squadmate he's looking for, perhaps they
	encounter other Erawan soldiers storming the prison. This can introduce
	conflicts and decisions to make the setting of this scene relevant.

* How might Thane be forced to go to Tripsi?
  - Peleg has a friend that carries Thane there unconscious
  - Thane ends up in some vehicle moving of its own accord
  - There's a border wall between Nenegi and Tripsi?
    - 
  - The Erawan attack involves pinching space to shorten the distance between
    Nenegi and Tripsi